feat: add "email us" settings for renku-ui (#3545)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: CHANGELOG.rst

0.51.x
------

**✨ Improvements**

> - **UI** Add an "email us" button to the session class option (`#3073
>   <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/3073>`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **UI** Add an "email us" button below the session class selector to request more resources (`#3073
  <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/3073>`_)
```
